gh-99633: Add context manager support to `contextvars.Context` (#99634)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-11-21-01-24-46.gh-issue-99633.vhrNRe.rst

> Add :term:`context manager` methods to :class:`contextvars.Context`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for the :term:`context management protocol` to
:class:`contextvars.Context` objects. Patch by Richard Hansen.
```

The feature is major enough (IMO) to have an additional What's New entry (not everyone reads the full changelog and this is a nice feature).
